notes/articles/buffett_letter_2018.md, before:

# Warren Buffett 2018 Letter to Shareholders

- A new GAAP rule forces BKA to report unrealized capital gains and losses. Buffett is asking investors to pay attention ot **operating earnings** and not unrealized gains/losses.  
"Over time, [we] expect [our portfolio] to deliver substantial gains, but with irregular timing." - Buffett

- B, is happy that Ajit Jain (insurance) and Greg Abel (all other operaitons) has taken over.

- BKA views the *retained earnings* of its portfolio companies as a **signal** for eventually delivering capital gains.

- BKA owns 5 types of companies
	1. Non-insurance companies that BKA wholly (80-100%) owns
	2. 5-10% position in very large companies
	3. Companies which control is shared between BKA and another company(ies)
	4. Treasury and fixed income securities (112 Billion)
		- 20 billion is untouchable, meant for against external calamities
	5. Insurance companies of BKA
		- Float generating companies

- B. and C. hopes for a "elephant sized acquisition" in 2019

- BKA has insurnace float of 122B. B. claims that they will never lose more than 3% per year in float size. I question this claim.

- BKA bought 50% of GEICO for 47M in the 1970s, then bought out the rest for 2.3B later in 1995.

- Buffett closes the letter reassuring everyone that his belief that american posperity will continue.

Commit message:

Change names to Buffett and Charlie

notes/articles/buffett_letter_2018.md, after:

# Warren Buffett 2018 Letter to Shareholders

- A new GAAP rule forces BKA to report unrealized capital gains and losses. Buffett is asking investors to pay attention ot **operating earnings** and not unrealized gains/losses.  
"Over time, [we] expect [our portfolio] to deliver substantial gains, but with irregular timing." - Buffett

- Buffett, is happy that Ajit Jain (insurance) and Greg Abel (all other operaitons) has taken over.

- BKA views the *retained earnings* of its portfolio companies as a **signal** for eventually delivering capital gains.

- BKA owns 5 types of companies
	1. Non-insurance companies that BKA wholly (80-100%) owns
	2. 5-10% position in very large companies
	3. Companies which control is shared between BKA and another company(ies)
	4. Treasury and fixed income securities (112 Billion)
		- 20 billion is untouchable, meant for against external calamities
	5. Insurance companies of BKA
		- Float generating companies

- Buffet and Charlie hopes for a "elephant sized acquisition" in 2019

- BKA has insurnace float of 122Buffet Buffet claims that they will never lose more than 3% per year in float size. I question this claim.

- BKA bought 50% of GEICO for 47M in the 1970s, then bought out the rest for 2.3B later in 1995.

- Buffett closes the letter reassuring everyone that his belief that american posperity will continue.
